Update k8s boot/strap priority agent version (#3018)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

  The agent now supports Ruby 3.4.0. We've made incremental changes throughout the preview stage to reach compatibility. This release includes an update to the Thread Profiler for compatibility with Ruby 3.4.0's new backtrace format. [Issue#2992](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2992) [PR#2997](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2997)

> - **Feature: Use the agent deployment received from Kubernetes APM auto-attach**

Author: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Kubernetes APM auto-attach - new agent version precedent**
```

>   Previously, an existing deployment Ruby agent would continue be used if re-installing the agent via [Kubernetes APM auto-attach](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/k8s-agent-operator/). Now, the agent version installed from Kubernetes APM auto-attach will be deployed and any existing deployment will be removed. [PR#3018](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3018)

Author: ```suggestion
  Previously, when a customer installed the Ruby agent via [Kubernetes APM auto-attach](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/k8s-agent-operator/) and also had the Ruby agent listed in their `Gemfile`, the agent version in `Gemfile` would take precedence. Now, the agent version installed by auto-attach takes priority. [PR#3018](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3018)
```
